In this lecture we will learn about creating a CSSA style sheet.
CSSA stands for cascading style sheets and controls how each team out elements are styled CSSA is used
alongside HVM Lwin doing web programming.
You have already been exposed to CSSA styling.
When we use the style tag in each team.
However using the style tag and adding all of your style code may not scale up well as your web program
grows in size and complexity.
It is generally considered best practice to create a CSSA style sheet as a separate file for me.
H t m l code that you then link up to your G-mail code.
Let's say we have the following.
HVM I'll document the file extension for an HDMI file as Dot.
Each Chmela dot HVM if we want to create a CSSA file it will have the dot CSSA file extension.
Let's create a new CSSA file and add some code to Starla or to text element.
Note that we use the IDs of the elements to identify which elements to apply the styles to.
However since R H T M L and C Ss files are separate we need a way to link them.
We can go to our HQ mail file and add the link element in the head section of our each team document
to link the two together.
Though Rella attributes specifies the relationship between this HVM file and the file it is being linked
to when we are linking an HP mail file to a CSL style sheet.
We assign the Rella attribute a value of style sheet the type attribute specifies the media type of
the file you are linking to the HVM file when linking a CSSA style sheet to our each team file.
We assign this attribute a value of text forward slash SS The ATF attribute specifies the file that
we want to link.
It involves the local file path of a clickable the name of our CSSA file and the DOT CSSA file extension.
Let's go to the web browser and run our code as you can see the color of the first text element is blue
and the color of the second text element is green and the next lecture.
We will compare and contrast.
Importing a CSSA style sheet vs using this style tag.